[Docs] Add intro and quickstart docs (#859)
mui/mui-toolpad: docs/data/toolpad/getting-started/overview.md

# Overview

<p class="description">Toolpad is a low-code UI builder for creating apps with MUI's suite of component libraries.</p>

## Introduction

Toolpad is a self-hosted low-code internal tools builder designed to extend MUI's suite of React components.
It's designed for developers of all trades who want to save time building internal applications.
Drag and drop pre-built UI components, connect your data sources, release your app, and you're done!

<img src="/static/toolpad/marketing/index-hero-video-poster.jpg" alt="Editor screenshot" width="960px" />

## Advantages of Toolpad

- **Build faster than ever before:** measure your development time in minutes rather than hours or days—simply drag and drop the components you need.
- **Extensible with code:** build low-code with pro-code extensibility. You can write JavaScript anywhere in Toolpad as soon as you feel limited by the built-in features.
- **Connect to any data source:** Toolpad lets you work with HTTP endpoints, Google Sheets, or PostgreSQL for backend functionality.

> - **Robust versioning and deployment:** use a Git workflow to seamlessly manage deployment and versioning of your app.

Reviewer: > use a Git workflow to seamlessly manage deployment and versioning of your app.

* Not sure I understand this, we're not using git anywhere in the release workflow.
* We just removed versioning 2 weeks ago. The only thing you can do now is "deploy to production".

## Toolpad terminology

<img src="/static/toolpad/docs/terminology.png" alt="Toolpad app" width="800px" style="margin-bottom: 8px;" />

These are the primary elements of the Toolpad interface:

- **Navigation**: where you can return to the homepage, or preview or deploy your app.
- **Explorer**: where you can define and manage pages, connection configurations, custom component definitions, and more.

> - **Component library**: where you can find component instances to drag and drop onto the Canvas.

Reviewer: I guess they only become instances once they have been dragged?
```suggestion
- **Component library**: where you can find components to drag and drop onto the Canvas.
```

> - **Canvas**: where you build out your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Canvas**: where you build the UI for your application.
```

> - **Inspector**: where you can modify properties of a different instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Inspector**: where you can inspect and modify properties of selected elements in the canvas.
```

# Overview

<p class="description">
Learn core concepts of the Toolpad app and you are ready to ship your application in minutes!
</p>

> ## What is Toolpad?

Reviewer 2: Let's stick more closely to the formatting of the existing [Overview pages](https://mui.com/base/getting-started/overview/) for the sake of consistency.

```suggestion
## Introduction
```

> Toolpad is a self-hosted low-code internal tools builder designed to extend the MUI React components. It's designed for developers of all trades who want to save time building internal applications. Drag & drop pre-built UI components, connect your data sources, release your app - and you're done!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Toolpad is a self-hosted low-code internal tools builder designed to extend MUI's suite of React components. 
It's designed for developers of all trades who want to save time building internal applications. 
Drag and drop pre-built UI components, connect your data sources, release your app, and you're done!
```

![Editor screenshot](/static/toolpad/marketing/index-hero-video-poster.jpg)

> ## How Toolpad works?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Advantages of Toolpad
```

> - [Build UI](/toolpad/core-concepts/building-ui/) using our drag & drop editor
> - [Configure and fetch](/toolpad/core-concepts/connecting-to-datasources/) data from HTTP endpoints, Google sheets or even directly from PostgreSQL
> - Connect data with UI elements using [binding expressions](/toolpad/core-concepts/data-binding/)
> - When you are ready to share - [deploy](/toolpad/core-concepts/versioning-and-deploying/) a new version

Reviewer 2: Rewriting this section to match the other Overview pages. Also removing all of the links here as we don't want to overwhelm the reader and send them in too many different directions at once.

```suggestion
- **Build faster than ever before:** measure your development time in minutes rather than hours or days—simply drag and drop the components you need.
- **Extensible with code:** build low-code with pro-code extensibility. You can write JavaScript anywhere in Toolpad as soon as you feel limited by the built-in features.
- **Connect to any data source:** Toolpad lets you work with HTTP endpoints, Google Sheets, or PostgreSQL for backend functionality.
- **Robust versioning and deployment:** use a Git workflow to seamlessly manage deployment and versioning of your app.
```

> ## Navigating Toolpad

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Toolpad terminology
```

![Toolpad app](/static/toolpad/terminology.png)

> There are 5 most frequently used areas:

Reviewer 2: These are the primary elements of the Toolpad interface:

> There are 5 most frequently used areas:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These are the primary elements of the Toolpad interface:
```

> - **Navigation** - return to homepage, preview or deploy app
> - **Explorer** - this is there you define and manage pages, connection configurations, custom component definitions, etc...
> - **Component library** - drag component instance from this drawer and drop it in **Canvas** to build UI
> - **Canvas** - this is a place where you build your app and immediately preview how it looks like
> - **Inspector** - modify properties of a different instance

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Navigation**: where you can return to the homepage, or preview or deploy your app.
- **Explorer**: where you can define and manage pages, connection configurations, custom component definitions, and more.
- **Component library**: where you can find component instances to drag and drop into the Canvas.
- **Canvas**: where you build out your app.
- **Inspector**: where you can modify properties of a different instance.
```

> ## What's next?
> 
> [Try to build your first app](/toolpad/getting-started/quickstart/)

Reviewer 2: This can be cut, as the docs UI already includes a link to the next page at the end.

```suggestion
```
